Yes I'm so nervous I'm Leo with this time
Hey Lafayette Tteyuu one sly
Let's make a trash box and a box of capsules of the vague and a vending machine sixth trash box and a car
Was
It's only a bursting box, but then we can go from the wagon bottom first Canal This is the car before this car
Just run to the second one Yes
I 'm getting rid of this example in the place to ride well
There is no mechanism in particular Yes, there is only a tire
The following is in here in this small now with love
that
Try this vending machine 6th good too, but it's also very compact with a blue vending machine
Is small
Oh do it but never too small Nema I guess is a little higher version of this
Is there such a thing
This is around entered later if Magon in
Unplug this way, the products of the burn that does not enter goods to accumulate in Toko out in this hole
Yes
False rumor
The music has to about space
The next one is the winning trash bin All around the student trash bin is yellow
It's all two different colors on yellow
Took
Pink table tennis already in 6 km in
No it is not mean actually to have Masu it as trash
I would like to recycle to that new product again
It is the best but it is a good example
Well
So here's the capsule here
From here to reuse it again with your eyes
I hard to as because was that to take off that it was from the top to say that because it was a little taken out
When it is cheap as it is from above, it is difficult to take from above and it is easy to take from below
There are holes in three places
eh
Last of all this and explanation of this car and this day
Well enter the introduction of either house say that the main
In this is was over say that rock a little
Thank you very easy
It looks like it's going to occur after such a preparation like this
Once you look also to the wind that twice three times, but the real, which can be divided into three ThatLookLikeThis
It has become the wind of the first floor the first floor the second floor underground
Now it's two-storey now . Well inside is like this and this is the second shot
I know that I am looking at the long-term, but of yellow
Gacha is a bite and you'll see Well is please try to see, if is good person, but in Well
It is the product
This hole product Add to create some number
Next to it is here at Dema about it
This is Toka's eating rice It is a kind of feeling or rather Well free space to the first floor
Oh dear
It is a space that I would like to talk about forest reaction and talk, so it looks like that
I do
It feels like a single point ninja
Emmer is actually a call of that kind
I think it's samurai x
There have Well then of stamp character you
Remove the part of this chair at
I mean the white part of the earlier and said the path of this child
It suke plan but if put this
When I pull this out after the pocket
Many
There is a doctor
I was so
You can check the pants for something in China
It has become
Yes j And I will return a little more
This biweekly publication
With a lid
Paparazzi
Red is made in this
Hey said
Confusing
Get
This is a high ace
4 se
Heide describes the last three times
This is the most interesting , so this is a shooting game
Hilo playing like feeling 9 will expand a little bit
Axis pulls this accident and this soul starts
Since the side-by-side 123456 or because the root is three times the chance make only has to go to the third floor
It is a game that says
Look at the mart to see
Aim at
If you drive
How can i have a closet
Yamasa
And to slip in I do not feel in here
Also
in this way
Masu sleeping Russi
2 I heard it
It has changed
Says calendar
The last is here
Target this
It was that
It in such is the trick three times chance
Yes, I'm not move well to the left and right but it had come to be sleeping in that voice Yes
So this mechanism of this is in
It is spring has hooked Bane
Because there is a spring inside
When I pulled here, I was supposed to shoot Bakun
Yes then this is the end
ｰｰｰThank you for your viewing